hi folks I want to bring you up to speed
with something that's happening today
which is it I've developed mild symptoms
of the corona virus that's to say a
temperature and a persistent cough and
on the advice of the chief medical
officer I've taken a test that has come
out positive so I am working from the
home I'm self isolating and that's
entirely the right thing to do but being
no doubt that I can continue a thanks to
the wizardry of modern technology to
communicate with all my top team to lead
the national fight back against corona
virus and I want to thank everybody
who's involved I want to thank that of
course above all our amazing NHS staff
it was very moving last night to join in
that national clap for the NHS but it's
not just the NHS it's our Police social
care workers teachers everybody who
works in schools of DWP staff an amazing
national effort by the public services
but also by every member of the British
public who's volunteering incredible
response 600,000 people have volunteered
to take part in a great national effort
to protect people from the consequences
of coronavirus I want to thank you and
will thank everybody who's working to
keep our country going through this
epidemic and we will get through it and
the way we're going to get through it is
of course by applying the measures that
you'll have heard so much about and the
more effectively we all comply with
those measures the faster our country
will come through this epidemic and the
faster will will bounce back so thank
you to everybody who's doing what I'm
doing working from home to stop the
spread of the virus from household to
household that's the way we're going to
win we're going to beat it now we're
going to beat it together stay at home
protect the NHS and save lives